Are you tired of being tired?
Are you sick of being sick?
Many of us are feeling the impact of living in this old system of things.
But what can we do?
Well, we try to improve our health or find some relief by medical means,
or improving our diet, exercise, and getting more rest.
But the bottom line is, we are infected with sin.
And with sin comes sickness and the effects of aging.
There's promise after promise, but are they really true?
There is no pill, medicine, diet or exercise program that can give us complete relief, removal of sickness,
or what we really want and what we need, perfect health.
But there is a promise recorded in God's Word that does give us confidence.
Let's read this together at Isaiah chapter 33.
Isaiah 33, and notice the reassuring words from Jehovah through the prophet Isaiah in verse 24.
And there it says, and no resident, no one will say, I am sick.
The people dwelling in the land will be pardoned for their error.
So sin will be removed in God's new world.
Do you believe that?
Can we really put faith in Jehovah's promise?
Yes, this is not just another empty promise by a human.
This comes from our creator, Jehovah.
Yes, he can guarantee it.
But what can we do today to build up our faith in those promises?
Well, as highlighted in this symposium, we can take the time and stop to look at Jehovah's creation.
So let's do that right now.
Let's examine the human body and its amazing ability to repair itself.
Please watch the following video.
Our bones are amazing.
They support our bodies, protect our organs, and store almost all of the bodies calcium,
a mineral essential for our health.
For their weight, bones are very strong.
The feats of a track and field jumper may experience forces of several times his body weight.
Bones can compress and bend, but sometimes they break.
A fractured bone can heal well, if properly said.
Inflination brings organic building blocks to the area,
and soft tissue grows between the broken pieces.
The soft tissue is replaced with harder tissue.
The body replaces the harder tissue with new bone, until the repair is complete.
In children, the break may heal without leaving a trace.
Jehovah gave every bone in our body this incredible ability to heal.
I praise you because in an awe-inspiring way, I am wonderfully made.
Well, that was an amazing video.
We learned a lot about what happens on the inside.
We take it for granted that when we get a cut, broken bone, that our body automatically heals itself.
King David was very impressed with the way that he was made and the way the human body works.
But he did not have the modern technology and knowledge that we have today, an X-ray machine, or a microscope.
But he observed Jehovah's creation, and he knew that we were designed in an awe-inspiring way.
Let's read what he says at Psalm 139, Psalm 139, verse 14.
I'm sure you feel the same way.
He says, I praise you because in an awe-inspiring way, I am wonderfully made.
Your works are wonderful.
I know this very well.
So what helped David to build a strong faith in Jehovah and his promises for the future?
Well, did you read there? He says, I know this very well.
David took the time to stop and observe Jehovah's creations.
That's what helped him to put faith in Jehovah.
Yes, he took the time, not to be distracted by other things going around him, but to observe Jehovah's creations.
That's what inspired him, and that's what motivated him to give praise to Jehovah.
And we need to do the same.
Yes, we are far from the perfect health and life that Jehovah had intended for the future.
But even so, we are made in an awe-inspiring way.
Jehovah wants us to continue living. It's plain to see.
And as we saw in the video, our bodies are amazing that they can continue to repair themselves, even without a conscious thought.
But therein lies the problem.
We could be so busy with our lives that we don't stop and take that time to have a thought.
Why did Jehovah make this? Why did he create me the way he did?
Yes, we're busy thinking about how we'll care for our families, pay the bills, or maybe take care of our health.
But like David, we need to stop, pause, think deeply about what Jehovah has made.
Don't miss out on an opportunity to be inspired like David, with all the inspiring creations around us.
And think about this. If Jehovah could create our bodies with the ability to repair themselves like we saw in the video,
he can certainly heal all infirmities. He can reverse the aging process, and he can prevent sickness in his new world.
While on earth, Jesus proved with the power he was given from Jehovah that he could cure every sort of disease and every sort of infirmity.
Every sort meant everything from healing the blind, the lame, those with epilepsy, leprosy, to raising the dead to life.
That truly is an amazing thing to ponder.
Now that must have been an amazing thing to see back then.
But what Jesus did was just a preview on a small scale of what he will do in the future worldwide on a large scale under God's kingdom arrangement during the millennium.
We will finally see that promise we read in Isaiah that no resident will say, I am sick, why?
Because Jesus will use his kingly power to bring about perfect health, yes, lasting health.
Jehovah's promises, they fill us with hope, they fill us with confidence, that every sort of disease and illness, anything that we're going through now, it's only temporary knowing that permanent, perfect health is soon to come.
This symposium has considered examples ranging from the heavens all the way to the inner workings of our amazing bodies.
Jehovah left his imprint on all of his creations, the evidence is clearly seen, it's evident.
What must we do today to build our faith and confidence in Jehovah's promises?
Notice what Romans chapter 1 and verse 20 has to say.
They're in verse 20, Romans 1 and verse 20, for his invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world's creation onward, why?
Because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.
Let's focus in on the word perceived.
It's interesting that the study note says that perceived means more than just seeing something with our literal eyes, it means grasping or understanding with our mind.
One Bible translation says God's qualities are visible to the eye of reason, that's interesting.
So when we see Jehovah's creations, take the time like David did to stop and think deeply, meditate on what we can learn from that creation.
What it tells us about our Creator, Jehovah?
What happens when we perceive Jehovah's wisdom, his power, his justice, his love and creations?
It strengthens our faith and his promises now, as well as in the future.
May we always be inspired and stay inspired by Jehovah's all-inspiring creations, and thus we will always be inspired by our Almighty God and Creator, Jehovah.